https://codepen.io/dharmik121/pen/yLMpwXR


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    it gives meaning to the markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To structure the website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It defines properies of the element 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the heading, we should only use it once in a program.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img,href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <html>
    7. What is an id? 
    id is a attribute used to point to a specific style
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    class and div
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    as many times you want 
    10. What is a class? 
    class is an attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any HTML elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    you can use same class on multiple elements
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to add a text description of the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Hashtag(#) followed by id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section meand content inside is grouped and div does not connvey any meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    for styling the html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is used for single element and class is used for multiple element 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    period(.)followed by class name 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it can be used when making the ordered or unordered lists
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar{
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it slects element that are in specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    place a text between /*(text)*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm to remove a file. you have to be careful because you might delete the whole directory and everything within
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it keeps track of changes 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    whenever you add a new feature that's worth commiting 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1) fork
    2) clone 
    3)branch
    4)add
    5)commit
    6)push


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

